Saurabh Bansal expressed concern about the MVP v1 1 timeline which impacts their feature scope for 260 due to limited development time and highlighted that the new design approach which does not provide files necessitates a complete redesign for his team including Ashish Srivastava and Siddharth Rao who had based their initial design on file availability. Toni Melisma apologized for the delays attributing them to recent se-Zeros that consumed six weeks of their team's capacity and confirmed the Ava-ilability of a development branch on Git. encouraging collaboration with their engineering team including wolf and Brianna for API questions Ashish Srivastava inquired about timelines for a file-based approach and offline playback state management Whil E Toni Melisma explained the technical complexities of file-based approaches and confirmed the new API would support play/pause but not remember location After closing the app based on their PRD understanding Saurabh Bansal agreed to schedule another meet ing including Nadim Brianna and Wolf gang and created a slack channel for ongoing communication with Toni Melisma confirming the availability of SDK version 1. 0. for integration and expressing commitment to supporting storage functionality for 260 MVP v1. 1. timeline and feature risk Saurabh Bansal expressed concern that the MVP v1. 1 update, which includes text-to-speech to files for offline support, is scheduled to be available after November 20th, putting their feature scope for 260 at risk, they explai NED that this timeline leaves only three weeks for development, integration and end-to-end testing, making it impossible to complete the work by the RF deadline and potentially requiring leadership approval for an exception design approach change and int egration challenges. Saurabh Bansal highlighted that the new update which specifies that files will not be provided, necessitates a complete redesign of their application since their team including Ashish Srivastava and Siddharth Rao had based their init IAL design on the premise of file availability. They noted that this change means they are not only struggling with timelines but also with the entire integration as they would have to restart from scratch, emphasizing the need for working stubs or a Deve lopment branch for early understanding team capacity and simplest approach. Toni Melisma apologized for the delays attributing them to recent Se-Zeros that consumed six weeks of their team's capacity. They explained that their team reviewed the situation and determined that the current approach, though possibly different from what the other team had started, was the simplest way to provide a working solution within the tight schedule. API documentation and engineering collaboration, Toni Melisma confirmed T-HE availability of a development branch on GiT and offered to provide updates in stages as functionality is implemented. They encouraged connecting with their engineering team, including Wolf and Brianna for questions on the API, acknowledging that the AP I shape might change during implementation, but stressing the importance of feedback on the current design document file,-based approach and technical complexity. Ashish Srivastava inquired about the timelines for a file-based approach, noting that their UX design was already aligned with it and would require rethinking if not pursued. Toni Melisma explained that the primary technical complexity with a file-based approach is the 3, 000-character limit of the cloud text-to-speech API which would require splitt ing longer audio files on their end Ashish Srivastava suggested restricting pilot stories to 3, 000 words to maintain a single file offline functionality and state management Ashish Srivastava inquired about the availability of play pause and resume fun ctionalities for offline files emphasizing the need for state management including resuming from a paused location. even after closing the app Toni Melisma confirmed that the new API would still offer play and pause functionalities allowing continuation from a paused state within the app but noted that their understanding of the PRD indicated that the app would not remember the location after closing meeting schedule and communication channel Saurabh Bansal agreed to schedule another meeting, ideally F, or the next day, to include Nadim Brianna and Wolf gang to discuss the complexities. Ashish Srivastava proposed continuing the discussion asynchronously via Slack to get immediate answers, which led to Saurabh Bansal, creating a new Slack channel called \ "lc MVP stories discussion,\" for ongoing communication before and after meetings. SDK integration and future collaboration. Toni Melisma confirmed that version 1. 0. of the SDK is already available, and users can start integrating it using provided instructio-NS and the Readme file. They expressed their commitment to supporting the storage functionality for 260 and fostering a strong partnership, while acknowledging the impact of internal challenges on their team's capacity.
